hello everybody good evening so 21st
July 2011 san diego comic-con is willin
away by the way and so many things
happening as we speak i know that their
DC you've got a panel going right now so
that's my phone i know that there's been
talk of the regarding flashpoint and
twilight breaking dawn has also been
dealt with a number of other big things
are happening but over hopefully over
the weekend we'll get some more
interesting tasters coming through and
speaking of one particular taster this
involves the newer Super Man Man of
Steel movie not long ago news broke that
the movie has been pushed back to June
the 14th 2013 now it's good and bad okay
it's bad because that means we have to
wait an extra six months okay but it's
also really good and this is where I'm
really happy about it that the reason
why you can push back is because it
gives them time to you know go over any
writing issues obviously this is the
reason why last week or earlier this
week it was announced that Kurt johnstad
and Jonah low nolan were going to rework
the script in some way that David coy
had written originally so I'm guessing
that they're going to change a few
things and also you you've got time for
reshoots brush up on the CGI effects as
well if need be so it's a good sign I
honestly think it's a good sign i know a
lot of people are going to be thinking a
they pushed it back it's gonna it's
not it's not going to be you know this
that and the other but the other side
you've got to look at is obviously the
money side and we know that this year
Harry Potter has been pretty much the
biggest summer movie
ever next year you've got well
contention between Avengers spider the
amazing spider-man and the dark knight
rises and out of those three I probably
say both Avengers and the dark knight
rises probably going to pull through
because I've seen a trailer for the
amazing spider-man and it just didn't
sit well with me especially the last
segment with the POV yeah a mouse will
be playing mirrors age instead but
anyway that aside so we all know how
Warner's operate you know they like to
bring out their big guns for the summer
so it kind of made sense for them to
push Man of Steel back to the summer of
2013 at the moment there is no other
films in contention during that time of
the year that least that month or that
week end on juna 14th even so at the
moment it looks like Man of Steel was
going to get a really good opening it
looks like it's going to be the movie
that everyone wants to go see at that
particular time of the year what else is
due to come out then God knows because
we all know what someone's like with
movies you know you get surprised as you
get things that are in the works and you
just don't really hear about them for a
while there's suddenly bang there they
are so um but like I say I think this
this is going to turn out well you know
you had harry potter this year next year
you got the dark knight rises year after
Superman why not you know so I honestly
see it's a good thing I think it I think
it will bode well for the movie and
everyone will know exactly what what to
do now and we're not going to rush into
it I mean the same thing happened with
Star Trek JJ Abrams sequel to the
fantastic movie they did two years ago
that was jus out for release
was it next year but that's been pushed
back I think to 2013 as well all I think
it was supposed to come out summer of
next year but i think is going to be
later on in the year trying to remember
actually i might just quickly double
check but as I say overall I think that
Sam it is a good good idea that's you
know Warners have decided to push it
back down a little bit longer so um yeah
we'll see how it goes I'm happy I'm not
faced I mean yeah I now have to wait six
months again for it but yeah I'm all for
it I really am for it I'm I'm I'm for it
I'm not against it in any way I have to
live with it you know and I'm sure a lot
of us will so let me know what you think
do you think it's a good idea do you
think it's a bad idea should they have
stuck to the December 2012 release many
people are joking that well now there's
going to come out in 2013 the world is
due to end on the on the twit in 20
December 2012 so we might not see it but
hey I don't think the world's gonna end
no i don't think the world i know that i
always say this that I've said it for
some time now I don't think the world is
going to end in December 2012 I just
think some huge disastrous event is
going to call occur even that's all I'm
gonna say but i don't think the world
itself will actually ends something huge
is going to happen but on it is on a
huge scale but nothing was going in but
anyway enough chatting for me i've
posted the link at the bottom although
there's not really much information
regarding said news is just been broken
but have a read leave some comments and
let me know what you thought a nice
features later bye